- Previously
on "The Real Housewives
of Orange County"...
- To a really successful,
fabulous trip.
Cheers.
All: Cheers.
- Salud.
- So much fun.
- [yelps] I can't get up.
- Noella gave Max
a Pride-themed card game,
and I'm just gonna read you
some of the cards, okay?
"Having your (BLEEP)
while (BLEEP)."
- I'm gonna do
my little workout for my leg
because of that bone tumor.
- Yep.
- It's really stiff
if I don't move it around.
- Yeah.
- I went to Heather's house
and literally asked her
for a personal favor
to invite Noella.
- Yes, I will extend
the invitation.
- Thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you!
- But you're on Noella duty.
- And I will do--
And I will do that.
- Right now--
- Does Noella know this?
- No.
All: Cheers.
- Welcome.
- Oh, yay, it's a warm tequila.
So fun.
- Yeah.
- Noella can't read the room.
Noella is in "The Noella Show."
- I don't care
whether Heather Dubrow cares
whether I've finished
my meal or not.
- When Gina said,
"Invite Noella," I was like,
"I'm just worried
because I don't wanna do this."
- You should look into her eyes.
She's offended
by everything that I say.
- And I still
don't wanna do this.
[dramatic music]
- Listen, I'm laughing.
I'm ----ing laughing.
- I'm happy you're laughing.
- I'm sweating.
- Yes.
- But I'm laughing as much
as I'm sweating.
- Right, right.
We're sweating, we're laughing.
- I mean, my laughs are
gonna get caught up to my--
- It's all great.
It's all great.
You sweat, you laugh.
- You sweat.
- Okay, here they come.
- Girls, girls.
- Did you fall in?
- No, we did not.
Whoop!
- Noella.
Noella, we have
a chilled dessert shot
ready for you.
- Ooh!
- So drink it
while it's cold, sister.
- I'm a little busy chilling
other things right now.
- I'm definitely
mid-level management.
Being supportive to Noella
and trying to also help Noella
be, like, respectful
towards Heather,
who put so much into this trip.
And it's really, like,
a sh---y job,
and now I get why nobody wants
to be mid-level management.
It ----ing sucks.
- I'm so excited
that the boys are together.
- I know.
- Isn't that so sweet?
- It's fun.
- Should I FaceTime Terry?
- Yes.
- Should I see?
[phone chimes]
- Hiya!
- Oh, look who I have!
- I don't see John and Jansen.
Where are they?
- Hi!
There he is.
- I see.
I didn't know
all the boyfriends and husbands
were at dinner together.
- How are you?
- Fantastic.
I would love Brian
to be part of that.
He does great with guys.
He's good.
I think they traumatized him.
It's just the women
he shuts up around.
[upbeat music]
- Gentlemen, cheers.
To our wives.
- Yup.
- And our chicks.
And them.
- Yes.
- Start you out here, gentlemen.
I have your tuna poke.
- Ah.
- Some deck tacos.
- Oh, yeah.
- Okay.
- This is guacamole, right?
- Yep.
- Now, let's test it.
- Smells good.
- So none of my business,
but you've been with Shannon
for two years?
- Two years.
- Seems like it's good.
- Yeah, Shannon and I,
we're totally committed
to each other.
We're in no hurry
to get married.
You know, things are good.
- So totally
none of my business.
- You're totally gonna ask,
then.
[laughter]
- Maybe I shouldn't.
- You should.
- The whole nuptial thing,
is that a thing
in the near future, or...
- And don't give us
the PC answer.
- I would say Gina and I
would probably get married
before John and Shannon.
- Oh, I want a date.
- [laughs]
- Like me, you're--
Generally, I plan my life
in five-year increments.
You know, I'm not asking you
to commit,
but it's, like, probably more
one to three, right?
- Yeah, one to three.
- And you, one to three.
[laughter]
- Oh, God.
- Depends on
how many more margaritas.
- One more of these,
and I'm all over you.
[Spanish guitar music]
♪ ♪
- [groans]
- [sighs]
- You know what T stands for?
- I don't know, I just--
Like, it's so hot.
- Wait, no,
you're not a tequila queen.
- She's Tequila Emily.
- I'm Tequila Emily.
- I'm fun Shannon.
- Let's go.
- Hey, I have a question.
- Yeah.
- If you and John were
gonna have a threesome,
who would you bring in?
[tense music]
- We're not--
We're never gonna do it.
We've talked about it.
- That's not--that's--that's--
- We would never do it.
We would never do it.
One night, I did ask John
if he'd ever been
involved in a threesome,
and his response was, "No.
"I think that bringing
a third party
into a relationship
damages it."
And I agree.
And nobody else needs
to be in that bedroom
and see this nakedness.
I'm not gonna discount people
that wanna do
that sort of thing,
but for me,
the two of us are at a level
that I never thought
it would be with a person
and him saying
the same about me.
And so I, like--
I get what he's saying.
- He's a really lovely guy.
- When I'm cooking dinner,
he's like, "What can I chop?"
Like, John will say--
If he's not
eating a meal with me,
he's going out
'cause he's a single guy.
- Wait, what?
- Well, I mean,
he's not married.
I don't know
what you wanna call it.
- No, he's not a single guy.
- Okay, okay,
he's a committed guy.
- Do you have a plan of, like,
the trajectory
of your relationship?
- Yes,
we've talked about the fact
that after my twins went
to college,
where we would get together
and buy a home together.
- Could you put me in, Coach?
We've had
some amazing conversations.
- Yeah.
- I truly do believe
your kiddos right now,
after everything
that they've been through,
are you friggin'--
Those are your soul mates.
- You know what I said to them?
"You guys haven't
met Noella yet."
- Auntie Psycho-Pants. Yay!
- They're gonna
flippin' love you.
- That's so nice
that you would think that
about somebody that you met--
- You guys, wait, you never
said that about us, Shannon!
- Okay, okay.
- Excuse me, can I--
And can I complete say
what I was saying to Shannon?
- Noella does not
have to dominate
every conversation.
I want her to exist in a room
without becoming the room.
- You're going to the restroom?
- Yeah.
- I'll go.
You okay?
- No, I'm fine.
- You sure?
- No, I'm totally fine.
- Okay. All right. All right.
- I'm totally fine.
I'm totally fine.
Totally--I'm totally fine.
- Be right back.
- I'm totally fine.
- Everything's good here.
- Totally fine.
- We're all good.
Nothing to say. All good.
- Did she just touch your face?
She was just like,
"Are you okay?"
- Well, no.
- Oh, you've got this.
You got this buffer.
- She was just checking on her.
- She was doing a health che--
A wellness check.
Wellness check.
- By touching your fa--
"Are you okay?"
Is this okay with you?
- Do you wanna go
to the bathroom with me?
- Knock it off right now.
- "Knock it off."
She told you to knock it off!
- Okay, can we go back--
- No, but ladies, ladies--
- Don't get--chakras?
Chakras?
- Chakra. Chakra.
- Chakras?
- Hey. Okay.
- Ladies--
- I know this.
Emily and I know
we're about to hulk out.
We have been tactically
trained for this moment.
This is beautiful.
It's a good time to meditate.
- This is what you have to do
when you're about to hulk out.
We don't need to hulk out.
We can just calm ourselves
down and meditate.
Om.
- Ladies--
- Chakras?
- I'm grounded.
- Ladies, I want you to--
So let's go back
to what I was first trying
to talk about 30 minutes ago.
- What?
- Okay, sorry.
- Chakra.
- That with--
- Me and you?
- Kay, kay, listen.
Both: Om...
- You were--
You were asking questions
about John.
Both: Chakras.
- John who?
Jansen?
- Chakras.
Both: Om...
- They were asking you?
- No, she was asking you.
- Oh, okay.
- And I was coming
to your defense to say
that you're the children--
- It's not working.
- No, it's working.
- Your kids are your life.
Emily and Gina
kind of do go down,
like, ten IQ points when
they're hanging out together.
They're like Tweedledee,
Tweedledum.
They have their own language.
They're probably
on the same cycle.
- Because, like,
you're making up
through all this stuff.
- No, it's working.
- You're not gonna erase a day.
- You know what, we're good.
We're fine.
- Noella, you are not
gonna erase--
- We're gonna act
like children, ladies, then...
- We're not acting
like children.
- I mean, I'm allowed to have
fun with my best friend.
We're in Cabo.
You didn't even have
your passport.
You didn't even know how
to get on a commercial flight.
And you're gonna
call me a child?
- No, but everything
that you're going through?
- Okay, now I'm done.
Good night.
- All right, bye.
- Right.
- Like, for your kids, like--
- Hey, wait,
where are you going?
- 'Cause you're being offensive.
- I'm being offensive?
- Both of you.
So I'm gonna leave.
- Get the (BLEEP) back
over here!
- Wow!
- It's fine, it's fine.
- Come on!
- I think it's fine.
- Wait, what happened?
Wait, stop it.
I'm not mad at her.
- Don't call us children.
- I'm not--
- Don't do that. Don't do that.
- But I have a finger
in my face and--
[growls]
- Yeah, but you get--
- For, like, a minute.
- But this is what you do.
You get--
- Tell me what I do.
Tell me one more thing
I'm doing wrong, man.
- You're reactionary
in the moment.
That's all I'm saying.
- You didn't eat
any of your dinner.
- Kay, stop food-shaming me,
okay?
You know what,
I got a pile of anxiety
and a sh-- of a life right now.
- I know, but--
- It looks amazing.
You know what, I'm gonna eat
the freakin' potatoes.
- Don't always--
- 'Cause you're saying,
"This is what you do, Noella.
This is what you do."
- No.
- Okay, then I'm not.
- Oh, look what's coming.
And we're taking a ----ing bite.
Are you kidding me?
- I'm telling you this
because I would tell this
to ----ing Emily.
I'm your friend.
- I'm lost!
- Get through the jungles!
Back to home!
- I'm sorry.
- We've gotten pretty deep
pretty quick.
- I thought so,
and now you're saying,
"This is what you do."
- I'm trying to help Noella
because I care about her.
You see a poor puppy
in the street,
you're gonna go up
to that puppy and be like,
"Oh, my God,
I feel so bad for you, puppy."
And then if that puppy
turns around and bites you,
you're like,
"(BLEEP) you, puppy!"
I mean-- figure it out yourself.
- Coming up...
- Where is everyone?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[line ringing]
- I'm pulling this down.
- [laughs]
What's going on with your hair?
- I don't know.
Sweetie, I'm tired.
I'm not used to this going out
and staying up late and stuff.
- I thought you were
gonna take it easy.
- Talk to these people
about that.
- Famous last words.
- With Heather, everything is
clearly thought out.
It's very organized,
meticulously planned.
- We're flying private.
I rented a house for us.
There's a lot of rooms
and different little casitas
on the property.
Horseback riding.
- I definitely wanna do that.
- We have the car ready
for you whenever you're ready.
- You guys, should I order
a bunch of starters?
Tomorrow, I am going to go look
at some property
and a couple houses.
- Fun.
- We're leaving at 10:00.
- I'm not doing that.
It's great,
but at the same time,
I'm exhausted.
Is my hair better now?
- [chuckles] So much better.
- I feel like
Cabo is a sweat lodge.
- I know.
- In general.
- Good morning.
- [laughter]
- Oh, well, I want some coffee.
[laughs]
- Yeah, are you okay?
Last night was a nightmare.
I couldn't go to sleep.
I just was a ball of anxiety.
She said really hurtful things.
- Just--it's hard
to open this ----ing door.
Aw, my nail.
[indistinct grumbling]
- Yeah, it is--it's locked.
- It's this nose picker.
- Pick that nose.
- Oh, God.
- Geez, I spilled.
[quirky music]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Hello!
- Hi.
Both: Mwah, mwah.
- My girlfriend Tawnie
happens to be in Cabo,
and she is staying
right down the beach
at the most fabulous hotel.
- Hello!
- Oh, my gosh, hi!
- Hi!
- There's cocktails.
- Oh, my gosh.
Okay, grab a cocktail.
- Sweatin' it out?
- Okay.
- Yes.
- Thank you.
- Thanks, hon.
Thank you so much.
- Hola!
- Welcome to Las Californias.
[relaxing music]
- It's beautiful.
It's a sagey vibe.
- A sagey vibe.
Getting us off
to the right start.
- That's right.
♪ ♪
- Buenos días.
Bienvenidas.
Good morning. Welcome.
- Hi.
It smells really beautiful.
- Thank you so much.
- What is that?
That smells like--
- This is copal.
Please come in.
- Powerful.
- Is that what we're doing?
- What's your name, señorita?
- Emily.
I have never been
to a sweat lodge before,
but I studied abroad
in Mexico in college.
I lived in Puebla,
which is in Central Mexico.
- Let me clean your heart.
- It's, like, right
in the heart of Mexico.
They had never seen,
like, an American before.
So I love the culture.
This feels very, like, home.
- Do it. Do it all.
- Right?
- We should do two laps
on this one.
- Yeah, extra time on the ass.
- I'm hoping, like,
this ceremony can provide,
like, a safe space
to get these emotions out
that I've been just holding
so tight.
- Please, señoritas.
Welcome to the ceremony temazcal
with the gardens of the fire.
We're going to reborn today.
We're going
into the mother's belly.
Growing from--
- Oh, like, that's the womb.
- Yes.
At the end of the temazcal,
we want to left there
everything we don't want,
with our intentions that we--
We need to work there
to find the answers
into ourself.
- I'm gonna cry.
[horn blowing]
- We go in that hut?
- Yeah.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [speaks Spanish]
[upbeat music]
- Ooh, this is beautiful.
- Right?
- So pretty.
- Ooh!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
- Heather.
- Wow, this place is hot.
- Welcome home.
- This is a house?
- It's a house.
- So pretty.
- Hi, Tabe.
- Hi, how are you?
- Good to see you.
- Hi.
Con mucho gusto.
- Con mucho gusto.
- This is Bing
and his daughter, Amanda.
- Hi, Bing.
- And welcome home.
- I've heard so many
amazing things about you.
- Yeah.
- I know.
- I can't wait to talk to you
some more.
- I would love
to build a house in Cabo.
You're gonna show me
a piece of land,
and then there's some houses
to see, or...
- Yeah.
The developer--
- Mm-hmm.
- We can go
to check out their house.
- To sort of see,
like, what's possible?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, okay.
When Terry and I talk
about a budget design,
I am looking for something
that speaks to me.
Terry wants to make sure it's
also speaking to his wallet.
- This house is about 26,000
square feet, air conditioned.
- I like it already.
I can feel the air.
- It sits on about 3 acres
on the water.
Has views of two beaches.
- Could you imagine 3 acres
of beachfront property?
It's fun to live in a big house.
I mean, if someone
gave it to me, I'd be happy.
- So why don't we start
this way?
The pool is a wraparound pool.
- Yeah.
- It goes way around
the other side of the house.
- Oh.
- Is this beach swimmable?
- Technically, yes.
Practically speaking,
you better be pretty good.
- Oh.
- [chuckles]
- Not getting in the water.
- Gorgeous.
I like the shower.
- We're looking at
the Sea of Cortez right here.
- Wow.
- Oh, wow.
- I mean, the view is amazing.
- The view is amazing.
- This is double the size
of my old house.
This house is huge.
I don't know
if it's my age or what,
but I don't wanna walk down
four flights of stairs.
I prefer cozy.
- Will you show us the library?
- Of course.
- [gasps]
- No, I could hang in here.
- Wow.
- Beautiful.
- This reminds me--
- Aww, the little fishies!
- All the time I've spent
in a library.
- Wow.
- So pretty.
- All right, so now I understand
kind of what's possible.
- Yeah.
- Let's go tour some lots.
- This house tour in Cabo
is a lot shorter
than Heather's house tour.
- This is actually
a semi-precious stone.
- At Heather's house tour,
we got all the detail.
- Brought in on the large--
The etched window.
[overlapping dialogue]
This is the media room.
Formal bathroom.
The garage.
Bar.
This is the gym.
My closet.
- Did you have a view like this?
- No.
Hours of detail.
Good thing
Emily and Gina aren't here.
They might have jumped
into the water feature.
[laughter]
- I'm not gonna fill that
with more water.
[percussive music]
- [chanting in native language]
- I've never felt
such a heaviness
of stifling heat.
- I am just trying
to survive the moment.
I just--I thought we were
going to the spa.
- There is a wave of sadness
that is coming out of me,
and it is by force.
- Tears and snot and saliva
and sweat pouring out.
[dramatic music]
[gagging]
- Someone's gotta get her out.
Seriously.
Somebody.
- Oh, my God.
- It's okay.
[dramatic music]
- Okay.
- Yeah, you need to get her out.
- [whimpering]
Help me.
- We're coming to get you.
You're okay.
- No, no, no, you're okay.
- [whimpering]
- You're okay.
- It's physical and mental.
It's both.
- [sobbing]
- It's okay. We're okay.
- It's okay.
- You're okay.
- It's okay. You're okay.
- All right, just lay down.
- It's okay.
- You'll be all right.
- Open this--open this, please.
- I don't speak Spanish. Just--
Let them check your heart.
They gotta take your heart rate.
- Did it hurt?
- You're okay.
- You're okay. You're fine.
- Whenever you speak,
we're right here, okay?
- [groans]
- Yeah, I would take
some more of this,
and you can just--
- It's totally fine.
- No.
- Don't apologize.
- [speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
- Oh, God.
- You'll be all right.
Come on.
Ow, mother----er!
- I can't stop shaking.
- Sorry.
Ooh,
did you see what I just did?
I think I broke a bone.
My toe--I can't.
This whole thing is a lot.
I'm so sad for all of you
----ing bitches.
I don't know what to do with me.
- That went deep into my soul.
- You're supposed to be happy.
I'm happy.
I want you to be ----ing happy.
- I don't know
what happened exactly
in that sweat lodge.
All I know is that it was
such a surreal experience.
- I think that was good for you.
- That was just--
- But it was
really good for you.
- Are we pretty girls?
- [laughs]
- You all right?
You wanna sit down?
You want some fruit?
- I'm ----ing mortified.
- Don't be mortified
- Why?
- No, but I'm so,
like, raw right now.
I can't even,
like, bitch about it.
- No, but that's good.
I feel like--
- I lost control.
Ah, makeup wipes.
- Here.
- Don't use this one.
I put my nose on that one.
- Her and her mom bag.
- I felt like every trauma
and everything
that had ever hurt me
just bubbled up and came out.
- I mean, sitting between
the two of you was like...
oh, my God.
- You took it in.
- You did.
I feel like now, it's messing
with you.
- No.
- Okay, did you internalize it?
I just feel bad.
- I know, but I don't want this
to stick with you.
- No.
- Like, I feel like I--
- No, let's shower.
- You know what? Let's shower.
- I feel like--
We gotta clean it off.
You gotta just take that load
off your shoulders
and just let it go.
I feel--it's heavy.
- Then we'll take a shower.
And then we'll go back
and we'll lay by the pool
and we'll have a margarita.
- Yeah.
[all snoring]
[upbeat music]
- Thank you.
Oh, my gosh, this is beautiful!
- Sea of Cortez.
Pacific Ocean.
- Yeah.
- Oh, oh! Oh!
- Whoa!
[laughs]
- Oh, she's having
a Marilyn Monroe moment.
Can't take her anywhere.
- What do we do?
- Let it go!
- I don't have boy shorts
in my diaper bag.
Oh, this is so pretty, you guys!
- So the land is about how big?
- It's a little over an acre.
- And is that the lighthouse?
- Wow, so you have a view
of the lighthouse.
Bing, what do you think
about this lot?
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Perfect.
- I've been dealing
with this pain all day.
I've been trying to mask it.
I do a workout every day.
Because of that bone tumor.
- Right.
- It's like, it's really stiff
if I don't move it around.
- Yeah, it's good.
- I don't like
to take pain meds.
It's literally radiating
up and down my leg right now.
I just have to get out
of here and go handle it.
- What is this up here?
- You get two lighthouses,
not one.
- Yeah, one up there.
- You get two.
You get a lighthouse!
Both: You get a lighthouse!
[laughter]
- How much
is this particular lot?
- 8 million.
- This is 8.
- Wow.
- And you think 500 a foot?
- Yeah, 500.
We can build it.
- Wow.
- Not bad.
- Well, let's call the boss.
Too bad I don't have
cleavage showing.
I want my man to be happy
and remind him
why he loves me so much
and why he's willing to go along
with all my harebrained schemes.
- Hello?
- Hey.
How are you?
- That is the Bing.
- Hi.
- Add a pool,
add a tennis court,
throw in a champs room.
- Okay, watch this.
- So you have two oceans here.
- This is point zero.
So this is the Sea of Cortez,
and that's the Pacific Ocean.
- Oh, that's cool.
- It's a little over an acre
and it's pretty--
- It's about 8 million
for the land.
We just walked through a house
that's built already.
They did it for 500 a foot.
But we were talking
about doing maybe 10.
Bing said--
- But knowing Heather,
before we finish, it'll be 15.
Both: Yeah.
- Gonna need a bigger bra.
- Yeah.
- Coming up...
- Are you guys flying private?
- I have to ask Heather
about that 'cause--
I don't think Heather would--
- Let her fly?
Well, but she didn't
even want her to come.
You had to talk her into it.
- Well...
- Did you know that?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Where are the girls?
- Oh, Noella's down there.
I see her.
- Oh, she's on the be--oh.
- Look--that looks like you.
Look, with all the hats.
[both laugh]
- If I could have
any job in the world,
I'd be a travelling
hat salesman.
I swear to God.
- Well, hello, my darlings.
- Hi.
- I like hats.
Hats, hats, hats.
- I feel like your hats aren't
gonna fit in that, though.
- My fedoras will.
I think I might need
another suitcase, Trav.
I never have enough hats.
- I'm gonna go sell your hats.
Then we could take
a private jet on the way home.
- Right, I bet you--
- Are you guys flying private?
- Um...
[tense music]
I have to ask Heather
about that, actually,
because I know she had
mentioned something about--
I think it's a smaller plane,
and I didn't know
how many seats,
and then Tawnie--
- Wait, smaller than the one
on the way here?
- Heather hasn't spoken to me
about flights.
Or anything at all,
for that matter.
- I don't think
Heather would not--
- Let her fly?
- Yeah.
- Well, but she didn't
even want her to come.
You had to talk her into it.
- Well...
- Did you know that?
- No. Now I know.
- Well, I didn't
have to talk her--
I didn't talk her into it.
- I felt like it was important
for Noella to know
what Gina did
and what a good person she is
and how much she was trying
to advocate on her behalf.
- What the (BLEEP), Emily?
- Somebody had to do it.
- What the ----ing
----ing (BLEEP)?
What the (BLEEP)?
- My name is Emily Simpson,
and I'm an asshole.
- I just kept it real,
and I--you're a friend,
and I knew you were going
through a hard time.
I just asked her for a favor.
- This is kinda hurting
my heart.
It just does.
This invitation,
the way I understood it,
was the olive branch.
This was Heather saying
that we're gonna be civil,
decent, respectable women
to each other.
- Nicole told me that
you called me a fake bitch.
I don't take it personally.
- I don't mean it personally.
- Having said that, though,
I'm not sure
I'm the right friend for you.
- So to know that I was
some freakin' pity invite
like we're in high school--
I mean, she knows I see
through her bullsh--.
I hear it. I hear it.
- As your friend, too,
it's like, you don't
wanna tell everybody
all your business.
And I know you're sad and I know
when things come up,
you just wanna say,
but, like, I want you
to be careful with that
because not everybody
is the right person--
- I don't think--
- To tell all the details
of your stuff, you know?
- I don't think
she's interested.
I think you need
to pull it back.
- I think it's a--yeah.
- And maybe just give
a little bit,
like, let her get to know you,
how kind you are,
that you're a good person--
Like, kind of open up a little.
- Yeah.
- But not be like--
[babbles]
I think she just needs
to get to know you more.
- She needs
to feel safe with you.
- And not, like,
the over-the-top Noella.
- Could one person
please tell me
why these women are
so terrified of Heather Dubrow?
She still bleeds.
She still is a human being.
- Because I like you and I--
- But listen, I found out
that you've been
with a woman before,
so I mean, that was worth it.
- Oh, (BLEEP).
We're bringing that up again?
- What?
- Wait, again?
- No, no, no!
- Wait, yes, because I don't
remember anything about this.
- It was amazing.
It was amazing.
- If Shane and I don't work out,
I'm totally hitting on Gina.
- Have you ever, like--
- What?!
- Have you ever kissed a girl?
- Yeah,
I've done more than that.
- [squeals]
- I was in college.
I think women are attractive.
Maybe I experimented a little.
That's it.
End of story.
[laughs]
Move on.
- Yes.
- All the kit caboodle?
Everything?
- The Full Monty.
- The full Nutter Butter?
[laughter]
- "Full Nutter Butter."
You went full Nutter Butter.
- She went--but did you?
Like--like, felash?
You went down on a woman?
- Oh, my God!
- [shrieks]
- I'm really curious.
- No, I--
- Okay, raise your hand--
Raise your hand if you've
gone down on a woman.
- No.
- Raise your hand if a woman's
gone down on you.
- No.
- Well, then--
[both screaming]
- My God!
- I love my life right now!
- Emily!
- I don't wanna talk about this.
Please stop.
Next question.
- Hysterical.
- Okay, I have to leave
this conversation.
- You gotta leave
this conversation--
I've heard enough.
Now let's go take a shower
and get ready for dinner.
♪ ♪
[phone trilling]
- Hi, I'm gonna ----ing cry
'cause it's been, like--
Since 9:00 this morning,
I've been talking about my leg.
And I just got
to the gym right now.
I mean, you know how it is.
This pain is debilitating.
It's excruciating.
And I can't function.
I'm, like, kind of having
a ----ing breakdown.
- I know it's horrible.
I know it's not your fault,
but I just--reaching out to you
to just show, like,
some validity
or empathy or something.
I can't handle it.
- Okay.
If I can't get something
from Ryne,
where am I gonna get it?
The girls don't understand,
and I don't expect them to.
I just--this is what
I want you to say.
I want you to say, "I'm sorry
you have to be in pain all day.
I wish I was there to, like,
protect you or something."
- What I want from Ryne is,
I wanna know that I'm loved
and know that I'm protected
and know that I'm important.
I feel completely alone
right now.
Okay, I gotta go.
- Catch you later. Love you.
- [sniffles]
- Coming up...
- I found out
that I was a pity invite.
- We didn't want to invite you
because you gave my daughter
pornography as a gift.
- Wait, what?
[upbeat music]
[waves crashing]
- God, this is so hard.
[groans]
I'll just throw this away quick.
[gasps]
Okay, really?
- My blush is stuck
to my nipple covers.
- Everybody needs a cover up.
Covergirl!
- You should wear it like that.
- Leonardo.
- Hi, Leonardo.
- This is the noche final.
- The final night?
Noche final.
- Final noche.
- Buenas noches.
- Oh.
- Oh, my gosh,
you look so pretty.
- Wow, you guys look so pretty.
Hi. I can't bend over.
- Okay. Okay.
I can barely stand up.
Mwah.
- [laughter]
- This is so pretty.
- Thank you.
Surprise, surprise.
Black designer.
- Yes.
- Hi.
- Well, hello!
- Yes.
- Look at you.
- Thank you.
- Whoa. Hi, ladies.
- Hi, ladies.
- You're revived.
- I am. I am.
- And we match.
- Oh, we do! How fun!
I love that.
- All right.
Does everyone have a drink?
All right, we're gonna go head
down to the table, everyone.
- I might need a hand.
- Perfecto. Gracias.
Are we--allí?
[upbeat Spanish guitar]
Oh.
- This is beautiful.
- Wow, it looks so pretty.
- I love the piñata.
- So beautiful.
- [gasps]
- Do we get to hit that later?
Do you have a bat?
- Wow, this is so pretty.
- This is gorgeous.
And lookit, there's sombreros!
- Oh, my God,
there's a sombrero!
- This is beautiful.
- Yeah.
- I love this.
- And there's even cacti.
- I am ready.
- Oh ladies, can I invite you
to come over here?
- Oh, you already
got on your sombrero?
- Oh, sí.
- Ooh!
- Whoa!
Whoa!
Hello!
- Truly is a love seat.
- Oh, my goodness.
- Welcome.
A pleasure it is to have you
here in this tequila tasting.
[bottle dings]
[all cheering]
Drink tequila with everyone.
This is the classier one
that we're going to try.
It's a reposado tequila,
so that it means that it's been
rested in an oak barrel
for eight months.
- This makes me nervous.
- I don't wanna do anything
in moderación.
I'm not a moderación
kind of girl.
There is a point
where fun Emily turns into...
destructive drunk Emily.
- Bring her a shot.
- Emily, what're you doing?
[shrieks]
- Cheers.
- Three to four tequila shots,
I'm good.
- Get out of my--
- You don't talk to my sister--
- No!
- She wants another one.
- Five to six,
I'm gonna (BLEEP) some sh-- up.
(BLEEP) that needy little bitch.
You're lying!
Oh, my God, Gina!
Gina!
Are you prepared to take care
of me the rest of the evening?
- Abso-----ing-lutely.
- All right.
So, you guys, let's have dinner.
- Okay.
- Can I help you up?
- You know what,
this is a deep chair.
Thank you--ooh, yeah.
This is a tight shirt.
- No, I just put my purse here.
- Shannon, you guys want
the sombrero all night?
- Yes.
- I like it.
- I love it.
- I love the commitment.
- I love a theme.
You know that.
I love a theme.
[glass clinking]
- Thank you guys for coming.
I love you guys,
and here's to a fun trip.
- This has been a mucho needed
vacation para mi.
So thank you.
- Cheers.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Clink, clink.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Can we just send it
around the table?
- What are we doing?
- Send it around the table.
Don't break the chain.
Wait, no, you didn't clink.
You missed it.
- No, we did.
We totally clinked.
- Oh, okay, sorry.
- We clinked our butts off.
- They--they clonked.
- Okay.
- [groans]
- Clink with my wine glass.
- Have you ever seen it
when it's like a slap
when someone's annoying and
you're like, pass that around?
- That was hard.
[overlapping dialogue]
- When you slap somebody--
- No, you're too strong.
- Do you know,
when I was, like,
getting my, like, awareness
of, like, the world,
I thought I died.
- I thought you did, too.
I was very scared.
- Did Noella pass out?
- How long were you out?
- Like, a minute.
- Oh.
Thank you.
It's not super shocking
that Noella
passed out in the sweat lodge.
She was drinking
the night before.
- I need tequila now!
- And she's in severe
emotional distress.
- That's, like, not a good combo
for a sweat lodge.
How long were you in there?
- She passed out.
- 45 minutes? I don't know.
Thank you so much.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I just have to go
to the bathroom.
- I had to pee
before the drinking.
- Well, you handled it
very well.
- Right? Thank you.
- After three children,
it's a little treacherous.
- I had C-sections.
I don't--I'm sorry.
- Oh, you're lucky.
- I had C-sections, too.
Never been on labor.
- No, it sounds like
a lot of work.
- I remember the day
they were like,
"We're gonna have to do
a C-section."
Like, I thought
that was implied.
I mean--
- Have you--have we just met?
- [laughs]
- Okay, anyway.
So where'd you go
to do your physical therapy?
- I just went to the gym.
I kinda had a little break--
I had a breakdown.
I, like, cried for an hour.
- Why?
- I called Ryne
and it went horrifically bad.
I just needed
a little validation.
- Yeah, no, I get it.
- She is--
- Things are lovely.
It's great.
It's not until I have a need.
- It's tough
because your role is this--
- And I don't like to ask
for things.
- Yeah, no, I get it.
- And I don't ask for much.
- Yeah.
- Should I text him
what to say ahead of time?
Like, the note card?
- Just saying,
it's worth a conversation
to define what you need.
- He's like, "You need to find
time for me like you find time
for everything else
that's important in your life."
- He doesn't feel important?
But I'm like, "What do you mean?
I'm doing everything
in my--for you guys."
You know, it's for you.
I'm seeing patients all day.
How am I gonna be the accountant
and the everything.
- Well, Terry--
- I'm seeing patients and--
- Terry says that kind--
He says that to me also.
- Oh.
- I'm on the other side.
Terry and I had
a "Come to Jesus" conversation.
And I said to him, I go,
"Our partnership failed.
Not him, us."
You need to have an agreement--
- Yeah.
- Of who's doing what.
- Yes.
- Right?
- Absolutely, yes.
- It's obvious
when it's in front of you,
and you know what to do.
- There's a simple solution
to the problem
that Ryne and I have
in our relationship.
Recognizing and being
appreciative of each other.
Yet we're so, like,
pissed off at each other
that we can't do it.
Thank you.
- I love you.
- Thank you. I love you too.
- I'm happy for you tonight.
I want you to be happy.
- Oh, I love baby corn.
- No, it's good!
- Just gonna push that forward.
I don't like octopus.
- No, you don't do octopus?
- Um, no.
Wait, we--
All of us today were
talking about how--
What happened last night?
Why did Emily get up?
- 'Cause Gina told her to.
- But it was Emily that said,
"I'm outta here!"
- Okay, now I'm done.
Good night.
- All right, bye.
- Hey, wait,
where are you going?
- 'Cause you're being offensive.
- She--
- I'm being offensive?
- Both of you.
- I had to--
- I think Gina started it.
- I had to convince Emily
to come back.
- No.
- It was Gina?
- No, it was Gina who was like,
"This is what you do."
"What do you mean, what I do?"
- Wait, wait.
She said that to you?
- Yep.
- "This is what we do"?
- To my face.
It hurt my feelings.
- But you discussed that
with her.
- Yes.
The worst thing is,
with the tag team--
- Oh.
- They justify
each other's behavior,
and it's like, okay, uh, great.
[chuckles]
This is awesome.
Ladies, are we over
what happened yesterday?
- Yes.
- What happened yesterday?
- [scoffs]
- We just had a conversation.
And I'm sorry, I'm gonna say it.
After what she went through,
I said, "Did you
bring it all up today?"
She said, "I had too much
to drink.
Like, we're good."
And I go, "But did you discuss
the details that hurt you?"
- This is not--this is not--
- I'm trying to help you,
but apparently I'm hurting you.
- She doesn't need help.
- No one needs help here.
Who needs help here?
We're okay.
- I'm gonna go use the restroom.
- Okay. Are you okay?
- Wait, where are you going,
Shannon?
- I'm just gonna
use the restroom.
- Wait, where's Shannon going?
- To the bathroom.
- This one?
- 'Cause it's happening.
- Wait, wait, what?
- I'm telling you.
I'm telling you.
We're good. We're good.
- Wait, I--wait, what, wait.
Wait, what did you just say?
- I'm feeling provoked, ladies.
- Okay.
- Wait--
- I don't wanna do this.
- Yeah, but you provoked her.
- Noella--
- You can't--
You can't provoke her--
- Noella,
I have no beef with you.
I wish you the best.
- And then say
you don't wanna do it.
- No, no, no, no.
I wish you the best.
I always have.
- I found out
that I was a pity invite.
[dramatic music]
- But no,
you weren't a pity invite.
- No, you weren't.
- And I told you--
- That is not true.
I didn't want to invite you
because you gave my daughter
pornography as a gift,
and I felt uncomfortable.
- Wait, what?
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- I didn't want to invite you
because you gave my daughter--
- Oh, God,
I hate this right now.
- Pornography as a gift,
and I felt uncomfortable.
- Wait, what?
- You gave my daughter
the cards.
- Yes.
- Which were very inappropriate.
She gave my daughter
this really questionable gift.
And then--
- Wait, what was it?
- It's, like, this card game
and there's prompts
and there's answers
and you deal the cards.
- That's your thing right now?
- Noella, let me finish.
- Literally, it's a card.
It's a card deck
that I purchased on Amazon.
- Yeah, and it was inappropriate
for a 17-year-old.
- I purchased something.
- She just can't.
- Listen, Noella--
- Wow.
Accusing me of giving your
teenage daughter pornography?
This is a whole new low,
even for you.
- Gina, this is why
I didn't want to discuss it.
- Wait, you knew this?
- I knew.
I never said anything
to anybody.
And listen to me.
She's allowed to feel
the way she feels,
and then you just say
you're sorry.
- What part of this
are we not understanding?
I put on Amazon,
"LGBTQ+ gifts."
- No, I understand,
but the point is--
- No, you could say,
"I didn't know
that it was offensive."
I don't know
if it was the sweat lodge,
but you're not understanding
the conversation!
Say sorry and say it
like you mean it,
and then maybe it'll be okay.
- Can I say something--
- And now--
- You wanna start
problems with me.
- Can I--can I say something?
Look at me.
Noella, Noella, Noella.
Nobody ----ing listens to me.
You know what?
I'm gonna ----ing yell!
- That was loud, Shannon Beador.
- Well, ----ing listen to me!
- Shannon, yeah,
what do you have to say?
- Shannon Beador,
you have the floor.
- I am saying is,
one of these things
was inappropriate.
So you can say to Heather,
"(BLEEP),
I didn't know
about that one thing."
- That's what I'm saying
as well.
- And then it's done.
- I got shoelaces--
- So just say that.
- I got a shirt.
- That's not the point.
- No, listen!
- No, you have
to back down for a minute
and let her explain
her perspective.
- She's saying that--
- Oh, how dare I not know?
That, like,
your straight fragility
when I'm purchasing something--
- My straight fragility?
- Apparently,
that's a thing now.
- I have
a couple of gay children.
Don't tell me that I have
straight fragility.
- I am a bisexual,
biracial, liberal friggin' woman
who lives in Orange County.
Don't you dare tell me
that I'm inappropriate.
- No, no, no, I'm not saying
you are inappropriate.
- Don't you "No, no, no" me!
- I'm saying your gift was.
- [groans]
She's saying that I,
as a bisexual woman
to her bisexual daughter,
that I was inappropriate.
- I'm assuming
you didn't look at the cards.
I'm giving you
the benefit of the doubt.
- You should read them.
- They were in a beautiful
hologram seal--
- All right, you know what?
Whatever, man.
Here are the cards.
"Licking that p---- right."
- Oh, my God!
- "Getting your (BLEEP)."
- Ooh.
- Wait, no, no, I'm not done.
"Having your (BLEEP)
while (BLEEP)."
- Insanely inappropriate.
- "The careless
(BLEEP) credenza."
So I could go on.
But the bottom line is--
- I am horrified.
I am horrified.
- She's got her Jesuit friends
sitting around her.
- I am horrified.
- It's her child.
- If I knew that that's
what the cards said,
I would not have gifted that
to a 17-year-old girl.
But to even use
the word pornography,
it's completely blown
out of proportion.
And it's the wrong word.
- When you buy a gift
for a minor,
you need to know
what's going on.
- I have very,
very young kids, so--
- So you yelling at me
about being bisexual--
- I do, too.
I would do the same thing.
- I have four children
of all different
sexual orientations
that I'm very proud of
and very supportive of.
And it has
nothing to do with that.
So please, I beg of you,
do not try to pull some card
in that space
that I am not understanding
of being bisexual, gay,
anything.
This is what I was worried about
having Noelle on the trip.
She's so calculated that she has
these things in her back pocket
that if she gets into trouble,
that she's gonna say.
You don't win that way.
- The fact that I'm
a bisexual woman
sending your gift--a gift
to your bisexual daughter--
- Is very nice.
But she's still
a 17-year-old child.
And you can't--
- You just--
- Noella, please let me finish.
You just--
It's an inappropriate gift,
which I believe
you didn't understand.
- Would you just--thank you.
- And so, I said--
- Okay, never mind.
- I did not know that,
and I'm sorry.
- Thank you.
Anyway...
- Okay, we're done.
- Next time
on "The Real Housewives
of Orange County"...
- [screams]
- I still have
the six sombreros.
- This was not a good trip
for me.
- If you don't think
that I'm there for you,
it hurts my feelings.
With, like, everything
that happened with Noella,
I can't support somebody
that doesn't trust me.
- You gave your husband a gift
of a stack of vaginas.
- [laughs]
- What's stack of vaginas mean?
Oh, we're stackin'?
- Noella!
- This is what--
But I was on the top!
- You were.
- We still hold some resentment.
I want to be doing something
to make it better.
- Are you willing to do that?
- Yes.
Just want you to be like,
"You did a really good job."
- We'll do this
another time, not--
- Why can't we just--
- I'm gonna go take a break.
This--that's enough.